# zodiacData
Zodiac {"id":"20190101","date":"2018-01-01","title":["Integrated","Career","Love","Wealth"],"integrated":["The genus of the mouse entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig, and the ancestor of the ancestral temple became a water bureau, and the yin and yang were mixed, and the yin and yang were combined. This means that the Rats have a good interpersonal relationship this year and can take good care of them. But this year, there is no Jixing help, and the sky has dried up, which implies that this year is not a smooth sailing, but a mixed vibe and a mixed feeling.", "The cattleman was too old a sentence last year, and it caused more or less damage to the fortune. Entering the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig, because the Jixing is not prosperous, the threat of the evil star is not small, so the overall fortune this year is not ideal, especially the safe fortune will be greatly affected, I am afraid that I will be worried and pay attention.","The tigers entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig, and the zodiac and the dynasties formed a ruin of the ruins of the ruins of the ruins. It was also a kind of ruin that was too old, but it was only slightly affected. At the same time, Yu Hai has become a six-in-one game, which means that it is intertwined with the flow year into an intricate relationship. The appearance on the surface of the old age looks like a royal family, but in fact, with the king as a tiger, it is hard to say.","The rabbits entered the 2019 year of the Jihai pig year. Although there is no obvious Jixing help, the zodiac and the Lunian are half-closed. The strength of the match with the Taisui is much larger than that of the ordinary noble star. Therefore, the overall fortune this year is not bad. It is necessary to pay special attention to the fact that the rabbits have encountered white tigers this year. The White Tiger is a big murderer, and it is a book of death: the white tiger sits on its head, and there is no disaster or disaster.","The Dragon Man was too old for the last year and will inevitably be affected by changes in everything. Entering the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig, it is a good time to see a lot of good stars. It seems that it is a year of great prosperity. If you plan well, the plan is expected to be successfully achieved. The helplessness is still attacked by the three fierce stars, and there will be many annoying obstacles in the development process.","The snake man entered the 2019 year of the Haihe pig year, and the Taisui 巳hai Zhengchong, the six rushing force is the most serious one in the Taisui period, combined with the powerless star, the sinister star, this suggests that the snake person may face uncertainty. The career is unfavorable, the fortune is turbulent, and the year is not smooth!","The Horse people entered the 2019 year of the Haihai Pig Year, and the Haiwu was the official star of the afternoon, and there was a coincidence in the Haiwu. This implies that this year, it is easy to get the secret help from the nobles, the interpersonal relationship is smooth, the career opportunities are many, and the fortune is generally smooth. But at the same time, it means that there is too much tie-up and pressure is multiplying. You must be prepared to use wisdom and calm response.","The sheepman entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig, and Hai did not fit together. It coincided with the age of Tai, suggesting that the support of the nobles, there are many opportunities for development, it seems that the fortune is good. But unfortunately, this year is a very small non-small person, troubles and disputes continue, may not be able to sail smoothly, it is necessary to take more precautions.","The monkeys entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig. The Shenhai is a very old-fashioned one. It is mainly a kind of non-small person, and the fortune will inevitably be destroyed. This year's career wealth is not prosperous, it is recommended to be conservative, not to be too high, to accumulate experience, to grow wisdom, to wait for the day.","The chickens entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig, and the wounded officials in the year, and the evil stars who were unfavorable for the good fortune, the overall fortune was not ideal. They should be cautious and careful, and plan their goals ahead of time to improve their initiative. Sex can only be rewarded.","It is a year of the birth of a dog, and it has entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig. This year, it has a lot of money, and there are two big lucky stars. The fortune is beginning to rise. It is a year of great opportunity. Therefore, we must not follow the old rules, we must seize the opportunity and be brave enough to accept the challenge, so that the cause can be smooth and the wealth can be smooth.","The pigs were not ideal for health last year. They entered the 2019 year of the Year of the Pig. This year is the birth year. It’s too old, and it’s a crime. It’s even worse, and the three murderers are at the same time. The fortune is unpredictable. The turmoil is difficult."],"love":["Rats have a certain heterosexual relationship today, and they are prone to encounter a slightly stubborn and sunny opposite sex, but their attraction is not particularly strong and requires more communication.",
     "The cattle people are very popular today. They will know each other because of the care of their elders and have a pleasant exchange, but they also need to fight for more emotionally." ,
      "The tigers are good at heterosexuality today, and they are prone to encounter a little stubbornness, but the opposite sex of the sun is easy to attract each other and is suitable for developing feelings.","The rabbits are good at heterosexuality today, and they are prone to encounter a little stubbornness, but the opposite sex who is willing to be bound by themselves can easily look at each other and benefit their development.","It is a long-term heterosexuality that belongs to the dragon. Today, it is not dominant, and it is easy to encounter a strong opposite sex. It is easy to put pressure on itself.","The snake man is a good heterosexual today, and it is easy to encounter a slightly stubborn, but tolerant heterosexual, easy to see each other. Conducive to the development of feelings.","The Horse people are very popular today. They will know each other because of interest gatherings and have a pleasant exchange, but they need to fight for more emotionally.","It is a good heterosexuality for the sheep people today. It is easy to encounter good temperament, and they like the opposite sex. They are easy to attract each other and are suitable for developing feelings.","Monkey people can get to know the opposite sex today, but their own attractiveness is not good. It is recommended to communicate more and be more tolerant, otherwise it will be difficult to gain emotionally.","Chickens are good at heterosexuality today. They are prone to encounter enthusiasm and sunshine. They are easy to attract each other and are suitable for mutual development.","Dogs will have a certain heterosexual relationship today, and they will know each other because of certain special opportunities, but they need to fight more and be more tolerant.","The pigs are not ideal for heterosexuality today. It is easy to bring twists and turns because of their impatience and impulsiveness, and it is easy to face competition. It is recommended to be calm and rational."],"wealth":["There are some opportunities for the Rats in today's fortune, but they need to take the initiative to pay more, and it is easy to increase profits in marketing planning.","It is a good opportunity for the cattle people to have a good fortune today. They will get a good partial fortune because of the project cooperation. It is easy to get the care of the nobles and benefit themselves.","The tigers are good fortune today, and they will get good fortune because of project cooperation. It is easy to increase profits because of their intelligence.","The rabbits have good opportunities in today's fortune, and they will get good returns because of project cooperation, and it is easy to increase profits in marketing planning.","The dragons have poor opportunities in today's fortune, and they have a lot of hardships and pressures to make money, and they are not easy to make mistakes, otherwise they will easily bring losses.","Snakes are not too many opportunities on the fortune today, but they are easy to have invitations to eat, drink, and play, and they can easily respond without major hidden dangers.","The Horse people will have certain opportunities in today's fortune, and they will have some gains because of project cooperation, but the benefits need to be shared.","The sheep people will have certain opportunities in today's fortune, and they will gain something because of project cooperation, but it is not easy, and the overall work is more laborious.","The monkeys will have certain opportunities in today's fortune, and they will benefit themselves because of their care, but they need to take the initiative to fight for it.","There are certain opportunities for the chickens to be lucky today, and they will gain something because of the cooperation of the project, but they will be restrained or slightly tired.","Dogs have certain opportunities in today's fortune, and they will benefit themselves because of their care, and they will have the opportunity to improve their welfare.","The pigs are not ideal for today's fortune, they are hard to find, and they are easily interfered by competitors."],"career":["It is a small profit for marketing planning and performance improvement, but it will also be subject to some constraints from the leadership bosses.","It is a good job for the cattle to benefit from the project cooperation today, and it is easy to get the care and support of the nobles, which is conducive to the improvement of performance and the planning and cooperation of large projects.","The Tigers are benefiting from project cooperation today, which is conducive to marketing planning and is conducive to performance improvement. However, the overall contribution is slightly more and more laborious.","The rabbits are good for project cooperation in today's business, which is conducive to marketing planning and is conducive to performance improvement, but they pay more and work hard.","Dragons are likely to face certain pressures in their careers today, and are subject to strict supervision and restraint. The whole is full of various labors and is easy to make mistakes.","The snake man is more proactive in his career today. He can easily complete his tasks and be able to do things according to his own will.","The Horse people are good for project cooperation today, which is conducive to marketing planning, conducive to technical cooperation, and needs to work together with colleagues to complete the task.","The sheep people are good for project cooperation today, which is conducive to cooperation with law enforcement departments and deputy leaders, but overall stress and labor.","Monkey people have certain opportunities in their careers today, and they can benefit from their own care, but they are also subject to strict supervision.","The chickens will have some opportunities in their careers today, and they can get the care of the nobles, but it is easy to bring pressure and restraint to themselves.","It is a small dog's career in small business, and there will be some basis based on his career. He can get the care of the nobles, but he needs to fight for more.","The pigs have poor opportunities in their careers today, they are unfavorable, they are easy to meet with their competitors, and they encounter many twists and turns and resistance."],"integratedLevel":["3","4","4","4","2","3","3","4","3","4","3","2"],"loveLevel":["4","3","4","4","2","4","3","4","2","4","3","2"],"wealth Level":["3","4","4","4","2","3","3","3","3","3","3","3"],"career":["3","4","4","4","2","3","4","4","3","4","3","2"]}
